hello guys welcome to my channel my name
is marina and I film a lot about passing
international exams getting into foreign
universities and moving abroad and if
you're interested in these topics please
subscribe to my channel and keep
yourself updated with my new videos and
this video is going to be about tips and
things you need to do 7 days before your
TOEFL exam believe me I've been there
and I've scored 117 of Dogville just ten
days of preparation and if you want to
know all the tricks and all the secrets
that I've used there would be a link to
my videos below and I tell you all of my
preparation methods so make sure you
watch them so as I said I passed Ifill
and it wasn't the standard experience
for me I don't know whether the
organisation process would be great in
your city but in my city it was a total
mess because the exam was 2 hours late
and registration to find in the same
room where I wrote the exam so it was
really messy it was really loud and I
think you have to take those last days
before your exam to psychologically
prepare for the process and be ready
that things can go wrong you can have
people screaming and shouting in your
classroom when you're making reading
part and so when you have the 7 days
left I would say take three days to
concentrate on the most difficult parts
for you and switch out loud music like
music they don't like sweet on news on
television something very distracting
and try to do those fights because you
will make yourself you know acquainted
with this atmosphere of loudness and
distraction so this is what I did I
concentrated on my reading and my
speaking part most difficult parts for
me I just switched on using Russian
television
was so distracting they kept doing those
bytes and I did them like eight times in
a row and this is the only thing that
can pay because obviously it wouldn't be
able to learn English in seven days or
you know learn how to do to Eiffel in a
day it's just about concentrating on the
most difficult things for you and
operating under stress getting used to
this so the second advice is to you know
take natural things with you to your
TOEFL classroom and the first thing you
need to take is earplugs hey because
it's going to be really loved and as I
said I wished all of those videos on
YouTube and I thought yes I would need
to go to the classroom first because
this is what they told me in the videos
and they did it and I started my test
and all of those people came into the
classroom to register and of course they
wouldn't do it silently they would say
hey this is my password please register
me for the test where can I sit and this
was really loud and as I said reading
fine was the most difficult for me so
well speaking was the most difficult
reading was the second most difficult
and I had this text about medieval
ancient caves and I couldn't concentrate
at all and it didn't take the earplugs
because I thought that headphones that
they give you would eliminate all of the
noises but they didn't do that so it was
just you know well it helped a little
but you have to take bigger place the
second thing you need to take with you
is good because in my case the exam was
two hours late and the whole exam last
three hours thirty minutes and then you
have ten minute break and I get really
hungry so I have my chocolate and
conferred water everything and I started
eating even before the exam started
because of
delay so make sure you have food with
you because you're going to get really
nervous and you will want to eat
something and snacks would be really
helpful something healthy if you have
watched my previous videos about total
preparation tips you might have those
templates for speaking I had them with
me
of course you're not allowed to use them
during your exam but I just felt
confident having this paper with me and
having those templates and when we had
this delay I took my time and went
through them and you know rehearse some
of the speaking part questions and
during the break I also took my time and
revised them and here is the trick you
have ten minute break so you finish your
reading right you finish your listening
part and then you have ten minute break
I went out I pulled out I don't remember
if I pulled out no I didn't because
you're not allowed to but yeah I had it
with me and I rehearsed before the exam
then I just went out and you know took
five minutes to eat then I went back to
the classroom and I used the draft
papers that they gave me to write down
the templates because I remembered them
and I realized when the speaking price
starts I will be really stressed out
really nervous so are we great to have
those templates and because they were in
my head I just wrote them down and
actually had them with me during the
exam so make sure you do that it's
really helpful because when you get this
out of the blue question like what
painting is your most favorite favorite
painting in the world it would be really
helpful that you would have in my
opinion blah blah blah
for example blah blah
all of those words that would really
help you think and another hack for the
speaking fire you have to come to the
class during the break as I said I took
only five minutes of the break the last
five minutes of the break I spend them
in the classroom and you know why not
only to write the templates down but
also because other people started doing
the speaking part and all of you in the
classroom would have same questions so I
was listening to my neighbor on the
right and she already started question
number one and I was like oh she's
talking about
rock music yes so that would be the
question and I wrote my answer and I had
it even before the speaking brush
started and I listened to my neighbor on
the left and he was talking about dogs
or animals something like that and I
figure out what the question was and I
also wrote it down so I had my two most
difficult questions for the speaking
part because the questions are really
random
I had them before the bottom and static
so that really reduces the stress and
please use the strategy I don't know
whether you know TOEFL makers would be
really angry because I shared it but
probably people know that already
so please use it really helped another
tip about reading and listening fight so
there would be the first part of your
test and his head when it came into the
classroom it was really loud and I
couldn't concentrate in reading but I
kept doing it because the time was
ticking clock tick tick tick so I just
made it and I went to listening and you
listening for it you know registration
finished thankfully and it became silent
in the class and the great thing about
joyfull is that you can go back to the
answers and I had 10 minutes left at the
end of the first part and I just went
back to my reading question number 1 and
I made sure I answered everything
correctly and you know what I found
three or four mistakes and I guess this
were the only mistakes that I've made in
the reading part because I actually
scored 30 out of 30 and during those
last 10 minutes I was able to correct
them and I'm so happy I did it because I
also had hesitations like should I do it
or
I take like break straightaway and
finish the exam and finish with a first
but no I went back checked everything
I finished the test like five seconds
before the time who went off and that
was amazing so corrected all of my
mistakes and please use that please make
sure you have ten minutes left in the
very end of the first one to make sure
you're reading answers are correct
especially if your total preparation of
joyful organization is a mess like mine
another thing you have to be
psychologically prepared for is that
joyful organizes might give you an extra
part just for you know statistics
purposes and it wouldn't be calculated
towards your final score what I had like
in listening you would have two modules
I have three which is like extra 25
minutes so my exam lasted longer than
average oh and I was really stressed out
again because when you're doing your
second module listening and you're
thinking yeah it's gonna be break soon
I'm going to be relaxing I know you get
another bite just be prepared because
they would only count two of listening
points towards your squat you don't know
which one's so make sure you do
everything great but just be ready for
an extra present from total organized Oh
another thing learn to read with a
pencil like seriously guys they would
give you a draft papers and a pencil I
only can write with a pen and normally
write with a pen I don't use pencils
writing but adorable purposes
make sure when you're preparing you're
just using your pencil to write you know
it's all about those little things that
might confuse you during the exam and
that might affect your emotional balance
when you have this pencil if it doesn't
right or when you have all of those
people entering the classroom when you
already send to concentrate so all you
need to do really psychologically
prepare for this whole experience and I
think the last thing for you guys who
are entering foreign universities and
using your toy full
and to those universities heavy
university codes with you because every
single university has a code that you
can enter into the system and they would
automatically send the test results if
you do that later
up to the exam you would have to pay
around $19 dollars for every University
and during the exam you can send out I
think four or five results for free and
don't be scared just go go on and send
them um I think this was it if you have
any questions about my experience of
passing toi hold please write them down
in the comments if you need a tutor to
help you with a speaking battle with any
fines I can recommend to my tutor his
name is Jonathan he's from California
and I'm gonna leave a link below so you
can you know contact him and ask if he
can help you with the TOEFL fire or just
book a lesson straight away so thank you
so much for watching this video make
sure you're subscribed to my channel
please share your results if you're
passing total in a week then it means
that like two or three weeks you're
gonna have yourself if you could share
them with me and tell me if my advice
helped don't be amazing because you know
hearing from you guys it's something
that motivates me to shoot my videos
because I you know and I open the
comments and I see all those people
saying hey thank you I'm using your
advice passing drug on the week so good
luck in your exams and make sure you
write back and tell me if my price
helped have a good day bye bye